stdalgos (2/10): team-level API, and rst update for release 4.2 (#366)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/API/algorithms/std-algorithms/all/StdEqual.rst

``equal``
=========

Header: ``<Kokkos_StdAlgorithms.hpp>``

Description
-----------

Returns true if two ranges or two rank-1 ``View`` s are equal.

Interface
---------

.. warning:: This is currently inside the ``Kokkos::Experimental`` namespace.

Overload set accepting execution space

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: Is it safe to assume that `execution space` can be Host or Device?

     struct IsEqualFunctor {
      KOKKOS_INLINE_FUNCTION
      bool operator()(const ValueType1& a, const ValueType2& b) const {
        return (a == b);
      }
     };

Return Value
~~~~~~~~~~~~

If the elements of the two ranges or Views are equal, returns ``true``, otherwise ``false``.

Corner cases when ``false`` is returned:

- if ``view1.extent(0) != view2.extent(1)`` for all overloads accepting Views

- if the lenght of the range ``[first1, last)`` is not equal to lenght of ``[first2,last2)``

Example
-------

.. code-block:: cpp

   namespace KE = Kokkos::Experimental;

   template <class ValueType1, class ValueType2 = ValueType1>
   struct IsEqualFunctor {
     KOKKOS_INLINE_FUNCTION
     bool operator()(const ValueType1& a, const ValueType2& b) const {
       return (a == b);
     }
   };

   auto exespace = Kokkos::DefaultExecutionSpace;
   using view_type = Kokkos::View<exespace, int*>;
   view_type a("a", 15);
   view_type b("b", 15);
   // fill a,b somehow

   // create functor
   IsEqualFunctor<int,int> p();

   bool isEqual = KE::equal(exespace, KE::begin(a), KE::end(a),
                            KE::begin(b), KE::end(b) p);

>    // assuming OpenMP is enabled, then you can also explicitly call

Reviewer 2: Use `Kokkos::DefaultHostExecutionSpace` instead

>    // assuming OpenMP is enabled, then you can also explicitly call
>    bool isEqual = KE::equal(Kokkos::OpenMP(), KE::begin(a), KE::end(a),

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   // To run explicitly on the host (assuming a and b are accessible on Host)
   bool isEqual = KE::equal(Kokkos::DefaultHostExecutionSpace(), KE::begin(a), KE::end(a),
```
